[codeandsupply_comp_survey_2022_engine]: Updating my notes and updating some of the slides (#98)
colindean/talks: _drafts_and_notes/codeandsupply_comp_survey_2022_engine/presentation.md

ALEX:

> Probably most major concern is, Pandas as really had a decade of work at it, while this is just a few years

Reviewer: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
Probably most major concern is, Pandas has really had a decade of work at it, while this is just a few years
```

The structure of our notebooks' cells enabled us to call Polars methods and then call `to_pandas()` when needed,
which was generally when we handed a dataframe to Plotly -- it didn't yet understand Polars objects.

> Though this has change today, thanks to the Dataframe Interchange Protocol, plotly should understand how to handle the polars dataframe object.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** 
```suggestion
Though this has changed today, thanks to the Dataframe Interchange Protocol.
In a project started today, plotly should understand how to handle the polars dataframe object.
```
